week1/README.md, before:

# Week 1 <br> <small>WiDS | RL in Trading<small>

This week begins with the basics of Python and its libraries:

1. NumPy

2. Matplotlib

3. Pandas

We have added a lot of resources and tutorials and you may go through any of them and finally be able to do the assignments we have listed.
Don't get overwhelmed by the amount of resources. They are not compulsory, I have just added whatever came into my notice :)
Numpy_assignment.py is the first assignment you should be focusing on and after that try doing Pandas_and_Matplotlib.py
## **Resources**

## Python Basics

Throughout this project, you will primarily use Python for coding. While an in-depth knowledge of the language is not required, understanding basic data types, data structures, loops, functions, and file operations is essential. Here are some resources to help you with Python basics:

- [Python Basics Video](https://youtu.be/kqtD5dpn9C8?feature=shared)
- [W3Schools Python Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/)
- [Python Basics Playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-mFu00qxl0a67RhjjZj3jXm&feature=shared)

## NumPy Basics

NumPy (Numerical Python) is a fundamental library for linear algebra in Python. It plays a crucial role in AI/ML and data science by enabling efficient mathematical and logical operations on arrays. Explore NumPy through the following resources:

- [NumPy Quickstart Tutorial](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/quickstart.html)
- [NumPy W3Schools Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/numpy/default.asp)
- [Additional NumPy Tutorial](https://cs231n.github.io/python-numpy-tutorial/)
- [NumPy Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/QUT1VHiLmmI?feature=shared)

## Matplotlib

Matplotlib is Python's essential plotting library, widely used for data visualization. It supports various types of plots and is the foundation for other visualization packages like pandas and Seaborn. Get familiar with Matplotlib through these resources:

- [Matplotlib W3Schools Intro](https://www.w3schools.com/python/matplotlib_intro.asp)
- [Matplotlib Documentation](https://matplotlib.org/)
- [Matplotlib Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/OZOOLe2imFo?feature=shared)

## Pandas (Optional)

Pandas is a Python library used for working with datasets. It is a fast, powerful, flexible and easy to use open source data analysis and manipulation tool. Pandas has data structures for data analysis. The most commonly used data structures are Series and DataFrame. Series is one-dimensional. It consists of one column. DataFrame is two dimensional. It consists of rows and columns. For basic introduction use the following guide:

- [Pandas Documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
- [W3Schools Pandas Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/pandas/default.asp)
- [Pandas Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/vmEHCJofslg?feature=shared)

Commit message:

Enhance README with programming encouragement and tasks
Added encouragement for beginners and coding practice suggestions.

week1/README.md, after:

# Week 1 <br> <small>WiDS | RL in Trading<small>

This week begins with the basics of Python and its libraries:

1. NumPy

2. Matplotlib

3. Pandas

We have added a lot of resources and tutorials and you may go through any of them and finally be able to do the assignments we have listed.
Don't get overwhelmed by the amount of resources. They are not compulsory, I have just added whatever came into my notice :)
Numpy_assignment.py is the first assignment you should be focusing on and after that try doing Pandas_and_Matplotlib.py
## **Resources**

## Python Basics

Throughout this project, you will primarily use Python for coding. While an in-depth knowledge of the language is not required, understanding basic data types, data structures, loops, functions, and file operations is essential. Here are some resources to help you with Python basics:

- [Python Basics Video](https://youtu.be/kqtD5dpn9C8?feature=shared)
- [W3Schools Python Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/)
- [Python Basics Playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-mFu00qxl0a67RhjjZj3jXm&feature=shared)

  I believe many of you have some background in programming (CS101) and even if you don't chill out and try to make python your first language.
  You can try coding simple things like sum of an array, sorting arrays, letter frequencies in strings in python. To those who already know some other language try doing the same problems in python.For others, I have added a list of basic coding probelms in the file pythonpractice.py. These are not compulsory.
## NumPy Basics

NumPy (Numerical Python) is a fundamental library for linear algebra in Python. It plays a crucial role in AI/ML and data science by enabling efficient mathematical and logical operations on arrays. Explore NumPy through the following resources:

- [NumPy Quickstart Tutorial](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/quickstart.html)
- [NumPy W3Schools Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/numpy/default.asp)
- [Additional NumPy Tutorial](https://cs231n.github.io/python-numpy-tutorial/)
- [NumPy Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/QUT1VHiLmmI?feature=shared)

## Matplotlib

Matplotlib is Python's essential plotting library, widely used for data visualization. It supports various types of plots and is the foundation for other visualization packages like pandas and Seaborn. Get familiar with Matplotlib through these resources:

- [Matplotlib W3Schools Intro](https://www.w3schools.com/python/matplotlib_intro.asp)
- [Matplotlib Documentation](https://matplotlib.org/)
- [Matplotlib Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/OZOOLe2imFo?feature=shared)

## Pandas (Optional)

Pandas is a Python library used for working with datasets. It is a fast, powerful, flexible and easy to use open source data analysis and manipulation tool. Pandas has data structures for data analysis. The most commonly used data structures are Series and DataFrame. Series is one-dimensional. It consists of one column. DataFrame is two dimensional. It consists of rows and columns. For basic introduction use the following guide:

- [Pandas Documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
- [W3Schools Pandas Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/pandas/default.asp)
- [Pandas Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/vmEHCJofslg?feature=shared)
